_recipes/bread/gov-bread.md, before:

---
layout: recipe
title: Government bread
source: https://anoregoncottage.com/whole-wheat-sandwich-bread-101/
yield: 1 medium-sized loaf
time: 1 day
ingredients:
- 3 to 3½ cups whole wheat flour
- 1.25 cups warm water around 40 degrees
- 0.75 Tbsp active dry yeast
- 1/6 cup honey
- 1/6 cup oil
- 1½ tsp salt
method:
- Combine water, yeast and 1 cups of the flour in a mixing bowl. Set aside to sponge for 15-20 minutes, until risen and bubbly (warmer weather takes 15 min, cooler temps usually needs 20).
- Add honey, oil, salt, and 2 cups of flour. Mix until dough starts to clean the sides of the bowl. Change to dough hook (or turn out to knead by hand), and knead 6 to 7 minutes (10 by hand). Add only a few tablespoons of flour at a time if dough sticks to sides, being careful not to add too much.
- Form into a loaf and place in a greased 9x5" pan. Allow to rise in a warm place for about 60 minutes, until 1/2 to 1-inch above pans (you may need 15-30 minutes longer if your kitchen is cold, but don't over rise or the loaf will fall when baked). Preheat the oven to 180 degrees ten minutes before rising time is done.
- Bake for 30 minutes, rotating halfway through if needed.
- Immediately remove from pans to cool on a rack. Allow to completely cool before slicing.
notes: Yum!
---

Commit message:

Update gov bread to sourdough

_recipes/bread/gov-bread.md, after:

---
layout: recipe
title: (Sourdough) government bread
source: 
yield: 1 medium-sized loaf
time: 1 day
notes: "To do with yeast: add ½ cup each of flour and water to the recipe. Start with the yeast, water and 1 cup flour and leave to sponge for 20 minutes. From there follow the same recipe, except the rising times will be much shorter (and the first can even be skipped)."
ingredients:
- 1 cup ripe starter
- 3 cups whole wheat flour
- 1 cup warm water
- 2 Tbsp honey
- 2 Tbsp oil
- 1½ tsp salt
method:
- Combine all ingredients except salt. Then sprinkle salt on top without mixing.
- Leave to rest for 20 minutes.
- Knead until smooth and still slightly sticky.
- Place in a lightly greased covered bowl to rise until almost doubled (1 - 2 hours).
- Shape into a log and place in a greased loaf tin.
- Let it rise until again it clears the rim of the tin or gets a solid rise (1 - 2 hours).
- Bake for 35 - 45 minutes at 180 C.
- Let it cool for 10 - 20 minutes before removing from the tin!
---
